these fall and winter ingredients not
only taste good they also have natural
detoxifying properties that help cleanse
the body fitness editor Michel Foley is
here to tell us which produce you need
to pick up during your next visit to the
farmers market so summer is over so you
ready to see an absence of berries but
they'll be replaced with all this great
new crop of produce and while that's all
good for you a lot of these items have
natural detoxifying agents okay so that
can help if you really are just trying
to just start fresh yeah Paul start
fresh in the fall he blow digest all
good things okay so let's start with the
greenery right here so dark leafy greens
like kale chicory and spinach are great
they contain a ton of vitamins vitamins
A and C but they also have a lot of
chlorophyll which is where they get
their lovely green hue from and this is
what helps cleanse the body so to get
the most out of this benefit you're
gonna want to eat them raw
so toss them in a smoothie or put them
in a salad okay so moving from green to
purple
tell us about cabbage so whether it's
red or green cabbage cabbage promotes
healthy liver function and the liver is
really what's in charge of helping the
body get rid of all the gross stuff
essentially right so you know it's cold
right now I love putting cabbage in soup
or you can grate it into a salad it
works really well with apple and it's
great for that crunches yeah lots of
great texture so I recognized beets yeah
how do they play a part in all of this
so beets are actually a favorite of my
doctor whenever I'm feeling sort of
heavy he recommends eating beets because
when you eat beets the fiber in them
creates an antioxidant enzyme which
actually helps cleanse the body system
so I like to eat them pretty simply just
roast them in the oven you can toss them
in a salad or just have them as a side
dish alright Michelle thank you so much
for giving us a tour of all the
wonderful veggies that are out there and
the farmers markets right now and how
they can help us feel lighter and
healthier thanks much